hey youtube this is primetimepokemon
lots of free cars by mail open up today
these ones came in a nice white mailer
it's pretty thick actually so cut it
open here and see what's on the inside
see if there's a note just find out who
it's from looks like there's a note
right there I almost cut through it a
little bit then there's a bubble mailer
quite a bit of cards there okay so it
says dear primetimepokemon I just wanted
to give you some cards because I love
your videos and you encourage me and my
friends band and James Anthony and Jesse
and me we are Team Rocket well you have
made us think about making Pokemon pack
openings and then their youtube name is
lamont Santo I hope you like the cars
and if you could please sign them you on
the front awesome videos and keep it up
thanks and then they drew a picture down
here looks like Zapdos and Zubat for
sure pretty cool looking and then the
cars are sent a nice bubble mailer see
if I can get everything out I broke the
case here is the car that they like sign
which is a new tropical islands I
believe it's called take this off for
now that's their return address it a
good shot of it then there's cards in
the case right on the top is a nice card
meloetta ex full art from the legendary
treasure set there's star me so old
school Kabuto Abra first edition there's
Psyduck mistystar you misty shoulder
poliwag star you misty seal ponyta
Goldeen Cuban sparrow sidra kingler so
several old school cards bouffalant oh
there's a nice holofoil card of
typhlosion psychic-type because it is a
dolt species card there's Infernape
battle City I like that card quit quite
a bit Black Star promo Oh a groudon
dialga zangoose zapdos rash ramp black
star promo i think i've had this card in
a previous FCB m video recently there is
a sweet kun shiny suicune from the tin
oh there's a nice card right there
tangrowth level x from the Archaea set
and the final card here from lamont
santo is an a spec trainer card of a
victory piece so thank you very much for
sending me these cars both Lamont and
his friends i'll have a link to this
person's youtube channel in the video
description of this video as well as on
my channel i'll have a couple i'll have
a box there featuring their channel for
a couple of days after i upload this
video to youtube so thanks everyone for
watching make sure before you go to
check out all the links in the
description this video including links
my blog facebook and twitter pages and
stay tuned for more videos thank you